Readme.md, before:

# Welcome to Memetoberfest!

![twitter_hactoberfest__1200x627](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18360871/195051948-5c6983a0-5b07-4b09-acf9-1e46d985008d.png)

## What is Memetoberfest?

An open source meme contest sponsored by [daily.dev](https://daily.dev)!

👉 Everyone can participate by raising a PR to update the [table at the end of this README](#entries) with the [required details](#How-to-participate).

## Prerequisites

- Knowing what [a meme is](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme)
- Having a Twitter profile with open DMs where we can contact you

## Rules

- Please submit only **memes related to software development**
- Do not submit Not Safe For Work (NSFW) memes
- Do not submit offensive memes or memes that target a specific individual (we don't want to offend anyone)
- You can submit more memes but only the first one will be taken in consideration for the prize

## Prizes

The 10 best memes will get daily.dev SWAG!

## How to participate

Make a PR adding a row to the [table below](#entries) with:

- Meme image (or link to it)
- Your Twitter handle
- notes (optional - explain how we can use this meme)

That's it!

Here is a quick [guide on tables in markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#tables).

## When will be the winners announced?

The winners will be announced on the 7th of November.

Make sure you [follow daily.dev on Twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=dailydotdev) to get notified about the contest!

## Entries

| Meme Image or link     | Twitter handle     | Notes     |
| ---------------------- | ------------------ | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `<Meme image or link>` | `<Twitter handle>` | `<Notes>` | <!-- Example format. Scroll down to the last row to add your meme. --> |
| ![joining hacktoberfest](https://i.imgflip.com/6wr5yr.jpg)| [@instincdev](https://twitter.com/instincdev) | Why we REALLY Join Hacktoberfest  |
| `https://i.redd.it/p9ncboux99h71.jpg` | `@SudhiKrishnaNA1` | `About Googling and Programmers` |
| ![bug fixing meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46662771/195576073-2fce22ed-9f3c-4a8e-a69a-be1ef3a38638.jpg)
| [@frankiefab100](https://twitter.com/frankiefab100) | The moment you are trying to fix a bug while the users think it is working well. |
| <img src="https://programmerhumor.io/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/programmerhumor-io-python-memes-backend-memes-410c7ab589e5024.jpg" width="450" height="450"/> | [Astrodevil_](https://mobile.twitter.com/astrodevil_) | `This meme is best suitable for newbies in tech.` |
| `<Meme image or link>` | `<Twitter handle>` | `<Notes>` | <!-- Example format. Scroll down to the last row to add your meme. -->
| ![meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/91528741/195584369-d0dc7bd2-df91-4f9b-a813-049e3b16f4ac.jpg) | [@\_\_tanan__](https://twitter.com/__tanan__) | you can use this to know if developers are actually dead or just pretending. |
| ![bug fixing meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46662771/195576073-2fce22ed-9f3c-4a8e-a69a-be1ef3a38638.jpg) | [@frankiefab100](https://twitter.com/frankiefab100) | The moment you are trying to fix a bug while the users think it is working well. |
| `https://i.redd.it/p9ncboux99h71.jpg` | `@SudhiKrishnaNA1` | `About Googling and Programmers` |
| ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99729607/195514526-e3fa4397-7862-4d85-9b30-d6ea329b4469.png) | [Ali Reza](https://twitter.com/Ali_Developer05) | `Front-End & Back-End in Real-Life` |
| <a href="https://imgflip.com/i/6wq0e6"><img src="https://i.imgflip.com/6wq0e6.jpg" title="made at imgflip.com"/></a><div><a href="https://imgflip.com/memegenerator">from Imgflip Meme Generator</a></div> | [@dejacherese](https://twitter.com/DejaCherese) | <For the love of CSS.> |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/UW0VS0J.jpeg"  width="450"> | @mezerotm | SpongeBob can't resist new frameworks in his project |
| ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17226499/195440584-68c3f10c-f1cd-4efa-b45b-231458091d34.png)| @anthonyjvoss | Normalize using UI tools. Command line isn't always the only option and people should feel ok about that :) |
| ![image0](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/97435165/195425701-4a2bf03e-c5f5-4a53-9a61-b0bae0d9473a.jpg) | [@prajwalsuvarna](https://twitter.com/prajwalsuvarnaa) | Concept of oops :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes: |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/SVm2pu9.png"  width="450" height="450"> | `brjnrr` | Intro to Computing meme **NOR, NAND** |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/XDZXZT0.png"  width="450" height="450"> | `brjnrr` | I make a program, however, it depends... |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/7ukurtO.png"  width="450" height="450"> | `brjnrr` | Infinite Cycle |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/J3jW2Vh.png"  width="450" height="450"> | `brjnrr` | That's programming |
| [hotline](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XvN_Ft6R2LZAlL571zfhkiXvhntMWfPH/view?usp=sharing) | @lukejanss | classic drake meme |
| https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gokulz/memetoberfest/meme_image/IMG_20221012_165119%20(1).jpg | @gokulzzzzzzz | How C++ reacts to JAVA ! |
| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79275152/195405813-fae5cf24-112c-4c84-bdec-3d704a9eb72d.png"  width="450" height="450"> | `snehel4510` | **What's My address😉** |
| ![github-issues](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78981177/195394193-a7a508e8-431f-4c06-a842-5f3d0940e52c.jpg) | [Rupali Haldiya](https://twitter.com/rupali_codes) | Github Issues |
| https://res.cloudinary.com/ddlhk5yje/image/upload/v1665589360/meme/8_ocpfce.png | `PriteshKiri` | `These is all we listen after years of hard work :)` |
| `https://i.imgur.com/LXeRs0W.png` | `@DevOmar100` | `Same Like me 🚀🔥🔥` |
| ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1681525/195384222-6bf9dd51-9349-4994-9567-ba750a714a0b.png) | `@omBratteng` | This meme feels very meta, and is sure to win |
|<a href="https://imgflip.com/i/6wmw0r"><img src="https://i.imgflip.com/6wmw0r.jpg" title="made at imgflip.com"/></a><div><a href="https://imgflip.com/memegenerator">from Imgflip Meme Generator</a></div>|[@intelagense](https://twitter.com/intelagense)|Perfectionists will understand.|
|![meme](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Fe37M7dWYAAT5up?format=jpg&name=4096x4096) | [@merouanezouaid](https://twitter.com/merouanezouaid) | - Do you remember when we were memorizing the periodic table? haha .. me: We still do tho.. What? but you're a computer science major!?? me: ... |
|![AI is taking over world by storm](https://techresearchonline.com/oadroowh/2022/08/ai-meme.webp)|[@ishan_is_me](https://twitter.com/ishan_is_me)| Meme shows AI taking over world by storm with its image processing ability|
| ![Cat that likes JS, excited cat that loves TS](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3102249/195358255-c5d714f3-b29e-41a2-b52b-d3e87c3ce203.png) | `@codercatdev` | `Classic JavaScript TypeScript fighting words meme` |
| [Developers meme](https://twitter.com/yusmnn/status/1580180830743572480?s=20&t=gGU-t4GbgIOFIREaVcSi9w)|[@yusmnn](https://twitter.com/yusmnn)| Meme shows developers working|
| [Meme](https://imgflip.com/i/6tcx2a) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pandeysp885) | Vscode Meme |
| ![Meme link](https://i.imgflip.com/6wmbpo.jpg) | @RemiRobichet | 'Left Exit 12 Off Ramp' meme |
| https://i.imgflip.com/6wmb39.gif | @idoshamun | There's really nothing better than the feeling of creating a new project |
| ![Pink and the brain meme](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1665574374721/iYx4CycSH.jpg) | [@DailyDevTips1](https://twitter.com/DailyDevTips1) | It's what we do |
| ![](https://imgs.search.brave.com/5u6lt60tf2MIRkbv-ygHqu_2ubycGJUejp4wPVmF8vA/rs:fit:553:500:1/g:ce/aHR0cHM6Ly9pLmlt/Z2ZsaXAuY29tLzQz/ZG94MC5qcGc) | [@PGautam27](https://twitter.com/PGautam27) | I agree to this😂. Cause I never knew what github pro was during my two years of ug and yet I had it 😂😂. |
| ![Jesulonimii's meme contribution](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70331030/195318282-8dc56d8b-0399-4756-b573-3d7adda22384.jpg) | @jesulonimii | me when applying for a remote job 😅 |
| ![Dunsin's meme submission](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78784850/195296809-6624e19e-0ed2-454d-b102-5b4fce7ca1bf.jpg) | `DunsinWebDev` | `ALT: Clowning when building a new project and trying a new tech stack` |
| `https://savvasstephanides.github.io/bucket/memetoberfest/memetoberfest.gif` | `@SavvasStephnds` | `ALT: Animated female character excitedly waving with eyes and mouth wide open` |
|![meme]!(https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63906669/195282130-c07a6724-5a46-4059-a645-c569b6367c6a.png)|[Amruth Acharya] (https://twitter.com/achaamruth) | Pope has praised daily.dev |
| ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65576111/195369904-11b40dac-e8b8-47ef-a303-db510caf3dec.jpg)| `@SrNascimento40` | `An awesome creative meme! Never seen before! Dreamed with it and it's genial!!!` |
| ![meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51878265/195262580-f2fb43f2-71e0-4d50-afa4-26266eb62395.png)| [Pradumna Saraf](https://twitter.com/pradumna_saraf) | No chrome tabs, only daily.dev tabs |
| ![Meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70970530/195259892-84568738-0a05-448f-9f16-44fe4fe2c978.png) | [@heyShubhi](https://twitter.com/heyShubhi) |`Nerd-Joke`|
| <img height=840 src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Rishav-12/memetoberfest/meme-image/spamtoberfest.jpg"> | [@rishavmitra15](https://twitter.com/rishavmitra15) |  |
| <img width="820" alt="Tweet by Shubhangi ✿" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70970530/195259892-84568738-0a05-448f-9f16-44fe4fe2c978.png"> | [@heyShubhi](https://twitter.com/heyShubhi) | Link -> <https://twitter.com/heyShubhi/status/1579087531756298240?s=20&t=l9TbzLxn14P3lyUDchM_ag> |
|![Link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/0-0Rohit-Roshan/0-0Rohit-Roshan/main/Res/I%20am%20the%20__________%20Developer..jpg) | [00RohitRoshan](https://twitter.com/00RohitRoshan) | Figuring out which developer you are. when you do many.
![JavaScript Frameworks Meme](https://833250.smushcdn.com/1694534/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/7-768x773.png?lossy=1&strip=1&webp=1)|[@muhib7353](https://twitter.com/muhib7353)| Meme shows Javascript developers are always curious to new frameworks
| <img src="https://i.ibb.co/wL5jghr/cpp.png" width="500"> | [@aanxand](https://twitter.com/@aanxand) | `A meme that you usually don't see, but can totally relate to as well` |
| [npm Install meme](https://twitter.com/vivekpal0x/status/1579836408193159169?s=20&t=s_4DvX2hQzi1sBkMvaox1g) | [@vivekpal0x](https://twitter.com/vivekpal0x) | When you run <code> npm i </code>command 😂
|![Untitled-8-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32828966/194521151-c5b0f70c-d17b-4357-9de7-114b00d8c598.png)|@MeetwithYash|-|
|![Meme](https://external-preview.redd.it/Ii1zae7tWgUklTi6eSE_7YHoENA4ngh5abWIEUrA_jU.png?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=528f29a6ce5b042bb0c827031d46fcfff60f59aa)|@PallaMohammad| N/A |
| ![Meme](https://www.thecoderpedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Are-you-a-robot-Meme-1024x925.jpg?x80061) | @iamsajithk | Emotional |
| ![Computer programmer](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25850598/195797347-5f9b9c0d-dcac-4d84-b0d8-b7d7930d13dd.png) | [@terieyenike](https://twitter.com/terieyenike) | Job meme |
| ![It works](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25850598/195799933-313de8c6-3c4e-4d88-b21f-cd7ebd6bc2bd.jpg) | [@terieyenike](https://twitter.com/terieyenike) | It works on my system |
| <img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FfAdhYmUUAIOUxN?format=jpg&name=900x900" width="500"> | [Harshit Gupta](https://twitter.com/Harshit60886919) | `A meme that you can totally relate to` |
| ![Desert decision meme, a person would much rather spend more time googling without thinking rather than using debugging tools](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78604367/195753173-795ac721-b59c-4c01-bff7-126c8aaa839d.png) | [@20jasper](https://twitter.com/20jasper) |  |
| ![inspect-page-meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70577616/195661112-6b5008b6-eb0f-4cbf-b153-f4c06839cf57.png) | [Ruchita](https://twitter.com/_ruchita1010) | When stackoverflow doesn't help, F12 or Ctrl+Shift+I does 😂 |
| ![Meme](https://github.com/abhaytaras7/memetoberfest-submission/blob/main/dd.png?raw=true) | [@whistle_xd](https://twitter.com/whistle_xd) | SAD |
| <a href="https://imgflip.com/i/6wrof7"><img src="https://i.imgflip.com/6wrof7.jpg" title="made at imgflip.com"/></a><div><a href="https://imgflip.com/memegenerator">from Imgflip Meme Generator</a></div> | [@its_SusmitaDey](https://twitter.com/its_SusmitaDey) | Ft. Daily.dev careers |
| ![JavaScript meme](./meme1.png)| @khair_alanam | A meme on JS :) |
| ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35291614/195594540-c70d6694-befc-40cf-be31-fbc97eb374d9.png) | [@covertgravy](https://twitter.com/covertgravy) | TDD |
| ![Merge conflict meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2335145/195585836-85cf4b2c-6ea0-4546-a168-393cb3581815.png) | @axolodev | Nothing | 
| <img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FLJR82kXwAgnx_h?format=png&name=900x900"  width="450" height="450"> | `ashishk1331` | `Dwag uses semi-colon in python` |

<!-- Add your meme directly above this comment. -->


## Credits

[Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.com/?ref=dailydev) is a registered trademark of [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/?ref=dailydev). We would like to give them a huge shout out and credit for supporting the global open source community through the Hacktoberfest initiative!
If you haven’t signed up yet, we highly recommend every developer to [check it out](https://hacktoberfest.com/participation/?ref=dailydev) :raised_hands:

Commit message:

tutorial and me (#76)
Co-authored-by: Francesco Ciulla <francescociullaroma@gmail.com>

Readme.md, after:

# Welcome to Memetoberfest!

![twitter_hactoberfest__1200x627](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18360871/195051948-5c6983a0-5b07-4b09-acf9-1e46d985008d.png)

## What is Memetoberfest?

An open source meme contest sponsored by [daily.dev](https://daily.dev)!

👉 Everyone can participate by raising a PR to update the [table at the end of this README](#entries) with the [required details](#How-to-participate).

## Prerequisites

- Knowing what [a meme is](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_meme)
- Having a Twitter profile with open DMs where we can contact you

## Rules

- Please submit only **memes related to software development**
- Do not submit Not Safe For Work (NSFW) memes
- Do not submit offensive memes or memes that target a specific individual (we don't want to offend anyone)
- You can submit more memes but only the first one will be taken in consideration for the prize

## Prizes

The 10 best memes will get daily.dev SWAG!

## How to participate

Make a PR adding a row to the [table below](#entries) with:

- Meme image (or link to it)
- Your Twitter handle
- notes (optional - explain how we can use this meme)

That's it!

Here is a quick [guide on tables in markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#tables).

## When will be the winners announced?

The winners will be announced on the 7th of November.

Make sure you [follow daily.dev on Twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=dailydotdev) to get notified about the contest!

## Entries

| Meme Image or link     | Twitter handle     | Notes     |
| ---------------------- | ------------------ | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `<Meme image or link>` | `<Twitter handle>` | `<Notes>` | <!-- Example format. Scroll down to the last row to add your meme. --> |
| ![joining hacktoberfest](https://i.imgflip.com/6wr5yr.jpg)| [@instincdev](https://twitter.com/instincdev) | Why we REALLY Join Hacktoberfest  |
| `https://i.redd.it/p9ncboux99h71.jpg` | `@SudhiKrishnaNA1` | `About Googling and Programmers` |
| ![bug fixing meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46662771/195576073-2fce22ed-9f3c-4a8e-a69a-be1ef3a38638.jpg)
| [@frankiefab100](https://twitter.com/frankiefab100) | The moment you are trying to fix a bug while the users think it is working well. |
| <img src="https://programmerhumor.io/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/programmerhumor-io-python-memes-backend-memes-410c7ab589e5024.jpg" width="450" height="450"/> | [Astrodevil_](https://mobile.twitter.com/astrodevil_) | `This meme is best suitable for newbies in tech.` |
| `<Meme image or link>` | `<Twitter handle>` | `<Notes>` | <!-- Example format. Scroll down to the last row to add your meme. -->
| ![meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/91528741/195584369-d0dc7bd2-df91-4f9b-a813-049e3b16f4ac.jpg) | [@\_\_tanan__](https://twitter.com/__tanan__) | you can use this to know if developers are actually dead or just pretending. |
| ![bug fixing meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46662771/195576073-2fce22ed-9f3c-4a8e-a69a-be1ef3a38638.jpg) | [@frankiefab100](https://twitter.com/frankiefab100) | The moment you are trying to fix a bug while the users think it is working well. |
| `https://i.redd.it/p9ncboux99h71.jpg` | `@SudhiKrishnaNA1` | `About Googling and Programmers` |
| ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99729607/195514526-e3fa4397-7862-4d85-9b30-d6ea329b4469.png) | [Ali Reza](https://twitter.com/Ali_Developer05) | `Front-End & Back-End in Real-Life` |
| <a href="https://imgflip.com/i/6wq0e6"><img src="https://i.imgflip.com/6wq0e6.jpg" title="made at imgflip.com"/></a><div><a href="https://imgflip.com/memegenerator">from Imgflip Meme Generator</a></div> | [@dejacherese](https://twitter.com/DejaCherese) | <For the love of CSS.> |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/UW0VS0J.jpeg"  width="450"> | @mezerotm | SpongeBob can't resist new frameworks in his project |
| ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17226499/195440584-68c3f10c-f1cd-4efa-b45b-231458091d34.png)| @anthonyjvoss | Normalize using UI tools. Command line isn't always the only option and people should feel ok about that :) |
| ![image0](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/97435165/195425701-4a2bf03e-c5f5-4a53-9a61-b0bae0d9473a.jpg) | [@prajwalsuvarna](https://twitter.com/prajwalsuvarnaa) | Concept of oops :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes: |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/SVm2pu9.png"  width="450" height="450"> | `brjnrr` | Intro to Computing meme **NOR, NAND** |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/XDZXZT0.png"  width="450" height="450"> | `brjnrr` | I make a program, however, it depends... |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/7ukurtO.png"  width="450" height="450"> | `brjnrr` | Infinite Cycle |
| <img src="https://i.imgur.com/J3jW2Vh.png"  width="450" height="450"> | `brjnrr` | That's programming |
| [hotline](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XvN_Ft6R2LZAlL571zfhkiXvhntMWfPH/view?usp=sharing) | @lukejanss | classic drake meme |
| https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gokulz/memetoberfest/meme_image/IMG_20221012_165119%20(1).jpg | @gokulzzzzzzz | How C++ reacts to JAVA ! |
| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79275152/195405813-fae5cf24-112c-4c84-bdec-3d704a9eb72d.png"  width="450" height="450"> | `snehel4510` | **What's My address😉** |
| ![github-issues](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78981177/195394193-a7a508e8-431f-4c06-a842-5f3d0940e52c.jpg) | [Rupali Haldiya](https://twitter.com/rupali_codes) | Github Issues |
| https://res.cloudinary.com/ddlhk5yje/image/upload/v1665589360/meme/8_ocpfce.png | `PriteshKiri` | `These is all we listen after years of hard work :)` |
| `https://i.imgur.com/LXeRs0W.png` | `@DevOmar100` | `Same Like me 🚀🔥🔥` |
| ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1681525/195384222-6bf9dd51-9349-4994-9567-ba750a714a0b.png) | `@omBratteng` | This meme feels very meta, and is sure to win |
|<a href="https://imgflip.com/i/6wmw0r"><img src="https://i.imgflip.com/6wmw0r.jpg" title="made at imgflip.com"/></a><div><a href="https://imgflip.com/memegenerator">from Imgflip Meme Generator</a></div>|[@intelagense](https://twitter.com/intelagense)|Perfectionists will understand.|
|![meme](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Fe37M7dWYAAT5up?format=jpg&name=4096x4096) | [@merouanezouaid](https://twitter.com/merouanezouaid) | - Do you remember when we were memorizing the periodic table? haha .. me: We still do tho.. What? but you're a computer science major!?? me: ... |
|![AI is taking over world by storm](https://techresearchonline.com/oadroowh/2022/08/ai-meme.webp)|[@ishan_is_me](https://twitter.com/ishan_is_me)| Meme shows AI taking over world by storm with its image processing ability|
| ![Cat that likes JS, excited cat that loves TS](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3102249/195358255-c5d714f3-b29e-41a2-b52b-d3e87c3ce203.png) | `@codercatdev` | `Classic JavaScript TypeScript fighting words meme` |
| [Developers meme](https://twitter.com/yusmnn/status/1580180830743572480?s=20&t=gGU-t4GbgIOFIREaVcSi9w)|[@yusmnn](https://twitter.com/yusmnn)| Meme shows developers working|
| [Meme](https://imgflip.com/i/6tcx2a) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pandeysp885) | Vscode Meme |
| ![Meme link](https://i.imgflip.com/6wmbpo.jpg) | @RemiRobichet | 'Left Exit 12 Off Ramp' meme |
| https://i.imgflip.com/6wmb39.gif | @idoshamun | There's really nothing better than the feeling of creating a new project |
| ![Pink and the brain meme](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1665574374721/iYx4CycSH.jpg) | [@DailyDevTips1](https://twitter.com/DailyDevTips1) | It's what we do |
| ![](https://imgs.search.brave.com/5u6lt60tf2MIRkbv-ygHqu_2ubycGJUejp4wPVmF8vA/rs:fit:553:500:1/g:ce/aHR0cHM6Ly9pLmlt/Z2ZsaXAuY29tLzQz/ZG94MC5qcGc) | [@PGautam27](https://twitter.com/PGautam27) | I agree to this😂. Cause I never knew what github pro was during my two years of ug and yet I had it 😂😂. |
| ![Jesulonimii's meme contribution](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70331030/195318282-8dc56d8b-0399-4756-b573-3d7adda22384.jpg) | @jesulonimii | me when applying for a remote job 😅 |
| ![Dunsin's meme submission](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78784850/195296809-6624e19e-0ed2-454d-b102-5b4fce7ca1bf.jpg) | `DunsinWebDev` | `ALT: Clowning when building a new project and trying a new tech stack` |
| `https://savvasstephanides.github.io/bucket/memetoberfest/memetoberfest.gif` | `@SavvasStephnds` | `ALT: Animated female character excitedly waving with eyes and mouth wide open` |
|![meme]!(https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63906669/195282130-c07a6724-5a46-4059-a645-c569b6367c6a.png)|[Amruth Acharya] (https://twitter.com/achaamruth) | Pope has praised daily.dev |
| ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65576111/195369904-11b40dac-e8b8-47ef-a303-db510caf3dec.jpg)| `@SrNascimento40` | `An awesome creative meme! Never seen before! Dreamed with it and it's genial!!!` |
| ![meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51878265/195262580-f2fb43f2-71e0-4d50-afa4-26266eb62395.png)| [Pradumna Saraf](https://twitter.com/pradumna_saraf) | No chrome tabs, only daily.dev tabs |
| ![Meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70970530/195259892-84568738-0a05-448f-9f16-44fe4fe2c978.png) | [@heyShubhi](https://twitter.com/heyShubhi) |`Nerd-Joke`|
| <img height=840 src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Rishav-12/memetoberfest/meme-image/spamtoberfest.jpg"> | [@rishavmitra15](https://twitter.com/rishavmitra15) |  |
| <img width="820" alt="Tweet by Shubhangi ✿" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70970530/195259892-84568738-0a05-448f-9f16-44fe4fe2c978.png"> | [@heyShubhi](https://twitter.com/heyShubhi) | Link -> <https://twitter.com/heyShubhi/status/1579087531756298240?s=20&t=l9TbzLxn14P3lyUDchM_ag> |
|![Link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/0-0Rohit-Roshan/0-0Rohit-Roshan/main/Res/I%20am%20the%20__________%20Developer..jpg) | [00RohitRoshan](https://twitter.com/00RohitRoshan) | Figuring out which developer you are. when you do many.
![JavaScript Frameworks Meme](https://833250.smushcdn.com/1694534/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/7-768x773.png?lossy=1&strip=1&webp=1)|[@muhib7353](https://twitter.com/muhib7353)| Meme shows Javascript developers are always curious to new frameworks
| <img src="https://i.ibb.co/wL5jghr/cpp.png" width="500"> | [@aanxand](https://twitter.com/@aanxand) | `A meme that you usually don't see, but can totally relate to as well` |
| [npm Install meme](https://twitter.com/vivekpal0x/status/1579836408193159169?s=20&t=s_4DvX2hQzi1sBkMvaox1g) | [@vivekpal0x](https://twitter.com/vivekpal0x) | When you run <code> npm i </code>command 😂
|![Untitled-8-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32828966/194521151-c5b0f70c-d17b-4357-9de7-114b00d8c598.png)|@MeetwithYash|-|
|![Meme](https://external-preview.redd.it/Ii1zae7tWgUklTi6eSE_7YHoENA4ngh5abWIEUrA_jU.png?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=528f29a6ce5b042bb0c827031d46fcfff60f59aa)|@PallaMohammad| N/A |
| ![Meme](https://www.thecoderpedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Are-you-a-robot-Meme-1024x925.jpg?x80061) | @iamsajithk | Emotional |
| ![Code in tutorial And Your Code(1)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88965873/195902230-42be745f-ea9f-4b3d-a1d0-4aeaecfa362c.png) | [0xRinshin](https://twitter.com/0xRinshin) | My code and code in the tutorial!
| ![Computer programmer](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25850598/195797347-5f9b9c0d-dcac-4d84-b0d8-b7d7930d13dd.png) | [@terieyenike](https://twitter.com/terieyenike) | Job meme |
| ![It works](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25850598/195799933-313de8c6-3c4e-4d88-b21f-cd7ebd6bc2bd.jpg) | [@terieyenike](https://twitter.com/terieyenike) | It works on my system |
| <img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FfAdhYmUUAIOUxN?format=jpg&name=900x900" width="500"> | [Harshit Gupta](https://twitter.com/Harshit60886919) | `A meme that you can totally relate to` |
| ![Desert decision meme, a person would much rather spend more time googling without thinking rather than using debugging tools](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78604367/195753173-795ac721-b59c-4c01-bff7-126c8aaa839d.png) | [@20jasper](https://twitter.com/20jasper) |  |
| ![inspect-page-meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70577616/195661112-6b5008b6-eb0f-4cbf-b153-f4c06839cf57.png) | [Ruchita](https://twitter.com/_ruchita1010) | When stackoverflow doesn't help, F12 or Ctrl+Shift+I does 😂 |
| ![Meme](https://github.com/abhaytaras7/memetoberfest-submission/blob/main/dd.png?raw=true) | [@whistle_xd](https://twitter.com/whistle_xd) | SAD |
| <a href="https://imgflip.com/i/6wrof7"><img src="https://i.imgflip.com/6wrof7.jpg" title="made at imgflip.com"/></a><div><a href="https://imgflip.com/memegenerator">from Imgflip Meme Generator</a></div> | [@its_SusmitaDey](https://twitter.com/its_SusmitaDey) | Ft. Daily.dev careers |
| ![JavaScript meme](./meme1.png)| @khair_alanam | A meme on JS :) |
| ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35291614/195594540-c70d6694-befc-40cf-be31-fbc97eb374d9.png) | [@covertgravy](https://twitter.com/covertgravy) | TDD |
| ![Merge conflict meme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2335145/195585836-85cf4b2c-6ea0-4546-a168-393cb3581815.png) | @axolodev | Nothing | 
| <img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FLJR82kXwAgnx_h?format=png&name=900x900"  width="450" height="450"> | `ashishk1331` | `Dwag uses semi-colon in python` |

<!-- Add your meme directly above this comment. -->


## Credits

[Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.com/?ref=dailydev) is a registered trademark of [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/?ref=dailydev). We would like to give them a huge shout out and credit for supporting the global open source community through the Hacktoberfest initiative!
If you haven’t signed up yet, we highly recommend every developer to [check it out](https://hacktoberfest.com/participation/?ref=dailydev) :raised_hands:
